Change-slack-to-element (#95)
haam-community/haam-community.github.io: _posts/2024-08-19-news.md

She’s here to help create a space where everyone feels respected and empowered. 

> Got ideas or concerns? Reach out to her <!-- on [Slack](https://haam-community.slack.com/team/U0574JT58RJ) or--> via [email](mailto:epifaniarango@gmail.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Got ideas or concerns? Reach out to her <!-- on [Element]() or--> via [email](mailto:epifaniarango@gmail.com).
```
